docs/TCPBytePattern.md, before:

# GODECK TCP BYTE TRANSMISSION PATTERN

This document explains the pattern that should be used in Godeck TCP Connections.

For every single TCP message sent, it should ALWAYS end with `'\n'`.

There are 2 types of pattern for TCP Connections in Godeck: Server to Client and Client to Server.

## Server to Client

The Server can send multiple informations to the Client, and the Client should decode them.

For this to be possible, the Server will send a TCP message starting with the command, then a ":" and then the command parameter.

The Server should use the `DataOutputStream.writeBytes(string)` method to send messages to the Client.

-   Example: Sending a message to update the Client user's number to 1

```java
out0.writeBytes("UserNumber:1\n");
```

### Commands

-   `UserNumber` Update the client user's number. Should get a number as parameter
-   `GameMove` Update the game state based on the parameter move. Should get a `GameMove` string as parameter
-   `GameEnd` Ends the current game. Should get the reason for the game ending ("Win", "Lose", "SurrenderPlayer", "SurrenderOpponent", "AFKPlayer", "AFKOpponent") as parameter

## Client to Server

As the Server keeps track of what Clients are doing at all moment, there is no need for the Client to specify the message type.

The only type of message the Client can send to the server is a `GameMove`.

Commit message:

Added surrender option to disconnect from server

docs/TCPBytePattern.md, after:

# GODECK TCP BYTE TRANSMISSION PATTERN

This document explains the pattern that should be used in Godeck TCP Connections.

For every single TCP message sent, it should ALWAYS end with `'\n'`.

There are 2 types of pattern for TCP Connections in Godeck: Server to Client and Client to Server.

## Server to Client

The Server can send multiple informations to the Client, and the Client should decode them.

For this to be possible, the Server will send a TCP message starting with the command, then a ":" and then the command parameter.

The Server should use the `DataOutputStream.writeBytes(string)` method to send messages to the Client.

-   Example: Sending a message to update the Client user's number to 1

```cpp
out0.writeBytes("UserNumber:1\n");
```

### Server commands

-   `UserNumber` Update the client user's number. Should get a number as parameter
-   `GameMove` Update the game state based on the parameter move. Should get a `GameMove` string as parameter
-   `GameEnd` Ends the current game. Should get the reason for the game ending ("Win", "Lose", "SurrenderPlayer", "SurrenderOpponent", "AFKPlayer", "AFKOpponent") as parameter

## Client to Server

The pattern used by the Client is the same as the Server, but with other commands.

The Client should always use the `StreamPeerTCP.put_string(string)` method to send messages to the Server.

-   Example: Sending a message to the Server to notify the Client is ready

```cpp
tcp_stream.put_string("Ready:true\n")
```

### Client commands

-   `Ready` Notify the Server that the Client is ready to receive messages. Should get "true" or "false" as parameter
-   `GameMove` Tries to make a move in the game, the game move might not be made, it is up to the server to decide. Should get a `GameMove` string as parameter
-   `Lose` Notify the Server that this Client has lost the game. Should get the reason ("Surrender", "Connection") as parameter

###
